# the first wekk summary

## 4.1
  Wednesday,sunny.In the morning,mentor told me to test the inteferface.I did it.And i asked what should we do next.He said he waited for the reply.I didn't know what he meant.And i didn't want to ask in detail any more.at noon,i wrote the leetcode problems.In the afternoon,i tried to write the module of fish Recognition.But after work,mentor told me to test all the interface.And i told him we noly could test the fish Recognition api.Then he told me that discuss the table tomorrow.And i did exercise,but i was still confused to learn a agent.I must found a way to learn a agent.I didn't find and i tried to use codex and let it do aagent.
## 4.2
  Thursday,sunny.In the morning,in the morning,we specified the requirements document and discussd with the APi owner.At noon, i still wrote the leetcode problems and learned the huggingface course of agent.In the afternoon,we discussed the table structure.But my mentor was busy.Fortunately,we finally wotked out the table structure.And started to write the code.In the evening,i tried to use codex to write a e-commerce customer service and learn huggingface course of agent.Besides,i use codex to write a bolg demo,but it ended before completion.Tried,sleep.
## 4.3
  Friday,i use copilot did my work during working hours.And i bought the api key of minimax 2.7 to try it for my work.I decided to buy mile tea every week as a reward for me.And i exercised for a while and i decided to buy a yoga mat.Then I check my code, even though it's not my working hours now.You win.I let minimax to optimize my job,and i don't know why I switched branches, but I did it anyway.SO,i lost the code.That meant i did it all for nothing.Tried,sleep.
## 4.4
  Saturday, i couldn't fall asleep last night.So i woke up at noon.Then i decided to do some leetcode problems after i have launch.Then i took nap.Then i used minimax to do my work.I played the bazaar after i finished my work.Then i did some exercise.Then i wanted to learn the minimax_agent,but i couldn't connect and still alert the wrong api key.I had no choice but to learn other projects.I tried to use ai to read the pdf and i listen.But i coudn't find a way to realize it.I tried again,but all in vain.Then i checked my code of work.
## 4.5
  Sunday,i woke up at noon.Then liang called me to play the honor of kings.Then i studied the huggingface course of agent.I felt tedious and then i tried to use openclaw.It is interesting.I tried to let it say instead of export text,but in vain.Then i tried to learn how to use openclaw for valuable things.I've been playing with OpenClaw all night.
## 4.6
  Monday，I woke up at 8 am.My biological clock kicked in.Then i continuedt to play with openclaw.In this process,i also did a xpert test which i can earn a reward by judge the ai answer.I don't want to play with openclaw because i wasted a lot of time.Then i took a nap and continued to learn the huggingface course of agent.Then i played the honor of kings all the night.Tried and sleep.
## 4.7
  Tuesday, sunny. In the morning, I wrote the frontend. I encountered an issue when splitting a string into an array using the split method. I thought it only accepted a string, but later I realized it actually accepts a regular expression. That's something new I learned today. At noon, my roommate said we need to pay three months' rent. It was so sudden, and nobody mentioned it before. I talked to my mom about it, and she told me to first clarify the details. I learned a lot about component communication today. Frontend feels way more complex than backend. When creating tables, I accidentally overwrote all the previous database tables. It was scary. Fortunately, it was my local database and I had a backup.In the evening,i played the honor of kings.I Tried, sleep.